INDEPENDENCE ANTHEM
-To Our Heroic Army Don't be afraid, the red banner that flies in these lives will not go out;
The last furnace that smokes over my country before it goes out.
He is the star of my nation, he will party;
It belongs to me, it belongs only to my nation.
Don't fall, let me sacrifice your face, you coy crescent!
Laugh at my heroic race... What is this violence, this magnificence?
Our spilled blood then you will not lawful,
It is right, those who worship God, the independence of my nation.
I have been living freely as a free person since time immemorial.
Which crazy person would chain me? I'd be surprised!
I am like a roaring flood; I am the one who chews and exceeds;
I'll tear apart mountains, exceed the heavens and still gush out.
If the West is surrounded by a steel armored wall;
I have borders like my chest full of faith.
Nation, do not be afraid! How can it strangle such faith?
"Civilization!" The monster you call a single-toothed monster?
Friend! To prevent scoundrels from entering our country;
Barricade your body, let alone this indecent flock.
The days that God promised you will arise...
Who knows, maybe tomorrow… maybe even closer than the future.
The places you step on are "dirt!" Don't pass by, get to know it!
Think of the thousands of people lying unshrouded underneath.
You are the son of a martyr, do not provoke, it is a shame for your father;
But may He not deprive me of my one true homeland for the world.
Who would not be sacrificed for the sake of the heavenly homeland that?
Suhedâ will gush out, if you squeeze the air, shuhada!
Let Huda take my life, my soul, my whole existence,
Don't let my only homeland leave me alone in the world.
My soul is from You, Divine, but its purpose is:
Don't let your anonymous hand touch the chest of my sanctuary!
These adhans, whose testimonies are the foundation of religion, are my groaning voices above my eternal homeland.
Then he will prostrate a thousand times in ecstasy - if I have any stone;
My divine, divorced and bloody age from every pain,
My body gushes out from the ground like an isolated soul;
Then my head maybe worth rose Throne.
Wave like your lifetimes, eyşanlı crescent;
Now get all my lawful bloodshed.
No more for you, no more for my race, izmihl:
It is the right of the flags that I live freely, the freedom;
It is right, the independence of my nation that worships God!
MEHMET AKIF ERSOY